chore: document @ama-mfe (#2931)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@ama-mfe/ng-utils/src/resize/README.md

# Resize Message Service

## Introduction
The resize service provides a way for an application embedded via an iframe to forward their own
dimension to their host so they can adjust the iframe's dimension to avoid multiple scrollbar.

## How to use
Connect both application to the message service following the [package documentation](../../README.md).

### Producer
For this scenario, the application embedded within the iframe is the producer of the resize message.

`ResizeProducerService` provides a `startResizeObserver` method that will observe any dimension changes over the
window and post a message to inform the parent window.

```typescript
import {Component, inject} from '@angular/core';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  standalone: true,
  templateUrl: './app.component.html',
  styleUrl: './app.component.scss'
})
export class AppComponent {
  public title = 'example-module';

  constructor() {
    // Check if the application is embedded - you could also check a specific parameter

>     if (window.self !== window.top) {

Reviewer: To not pollute the app component, wouldn't recommend to do that code inside the `main.ts` instead ?

      void inject(ConnectionService).connect('hostUniqueID');

      // Start the service to produce

>       inject(RoutingService).handleEmbeddedRouting();

Reviewer: That's the code for the navigation not the resize :)

    }
  }
}

```

### Consumer
The host application is the consumer, it will react to the resize message to update the iframe's dimensions.

> While you could technically `start` and `stop` in the main module and handle yourself the resize of the iframe, you should

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While you could technically `start` and `stop` in the main module and handle the resizing of the iframe yourself, you may
```
